feat: extend tx summary api (#1620)
0xMiden/miden-client: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.12.6 (TBD)

* Enables Workers with `createClientWithExternalKeystore` via callbacks ([#1569](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1569))
* Added `executeForSummary` method to WebClient that executes a transaction and returns a `TransactionSummary`, handling both authorized and unauthorized transactions ([#1620](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1592))

> * Added WebClient bindings for the RPO Falcon512 multisig auth component ([#1620](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1592)).

Reviewer: The number looks correct but it seems that the link is not:

```suggestion
* Added `executeForSummary` method to WebClient that executes a transaction and returns a `TransactionSummary`, handling both authorized and unauthorized transactions ([#1620](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1620))
* Added WebClient bindings for the RPO Falcon512 multisig auth component ([#1620](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1620)).
```
